README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MartinHeinz/MartinHeinz/master/wave.gif" width="30px" height="30px"> Hello World! I'm **Subodh Singh**

<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&weight=600&size=28&pause=1000&color=00D9FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=800&lines=Cybersecurity+Enthusiast+%F0%9F%9B%A1%EF%B8%8F;Ethical+Hacker+%26+Security+Researcher+%F0%9F%94%90;Full-Stack+Developer+%F0%9F%92%BB;AI+%26+Machine+Learning+Explorer+%F0%9F%A4%96;BTech+Student+%40+Invertis+University+%F0%9F%8E%93;Building+Secure+Digital+Solutions+%F0%9F%8C%9F" alt="Typing SVG" />

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/180155134?v=4" width="200" alt="Subodh Singh" />
</p>


[![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=subodh182&color=00d9ff&style=for-the-badge&label=Profile+Views)](https://github.com/Arya182-ui)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/subodh182?logo=GitHub&style=for-the-badge&color=00d9ff)](https://github.com/Arya182-ui)
[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/subodh182?logo=github&style=for-the-badge&color=00d9ff)](https://github.com/Arya182-ui)
![Projects](https://img.shields.io/badge/Projects-5%2B-6366f1?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&color=00d9ff)
</div>

---


## 🧑‍💻 About Me

🎓 2nd Year **B.Tech CSE** student at **Invertis University, Bareilly**  
I'm a passionate developer who loves building scalable, secure, and innovative solutions.  
Currently exploring **Backend Developer**, **Java**, **Web Developer**, and AI-driven applications.  
🚀 Focused on writing clean code, solving real problems, and always learning something new!  

---

## 📚 Currently Learning

- Full Stack Web Development (MERN Stack)
- Advanced Java & Data Structures
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- Backend Development with Node.js
- Database Management (MySQL & MongoDB)
- Basics of Machine Learning

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

| Category | Tools |
|----------|-------|
| 💻 Languages | `Java`, `Node.js`, `React.js`, `Python`, `C`, `HTML`, `CSS`, `JavaScript` |
| 🧪 Frameworks | `Flutter (beginner)`, `Python CLI tools` |
| 🛠️ Tools | `Postman`, `Firebase`, `MySql`, `Git`, `VS Code`, `GitHub` |
| 🌐 Others | `Linux basics`, `Responsive Design`, `Browser Dev Tools` |

---

## 🎯 Interests

- 💻 Full Stack Development
- 🐍 Python Development  
- 🌍 Web Development  
- 📈 Machine Learning  
- 🚀 Startup & Tech Innovation  

---

## 🏫 Education

- 🎓 **B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering**  
  🏛️ *Invertis University, Bareilly*  
  📆 *Currently in 3nd Year*

---

## 🌐 Connect With Me

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/subodh182" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-171515?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/subodh-singh-0751082b2/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:subodhsin7417@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="Buy Me A Coffee" target="_blank">
    <img src="[![Buy Me a Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20a%20Coffee-%23FFDD00?style=for-the-badge&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=black)](https://subodh182.github.io/Buy_me_a_coffee/)" />
  </a>
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?color=00F700&center=true&vCenter=true&lines=Python+Developer;Web+Developer;ML+Explorer;Cybersecurity+Learner;Let’s+build+something+cool!">
</p>

---

## ⚡ Fun Fact

> 💬 I speak fluent Python... and sarcasm.  
> ☕ Code, caffeine, and curiosity are my fuel.

---

> _“Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad.”_ – Cory House



### 🚀 GitHub Stats

![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=subodh182&show_icons=true&theme=dark)
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=subodh182&layout=compact&theme=dark)

Commit message:

Revise About Me section in README
Updated personal information and skills in the README.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MartinHeinz/MartinHeinz/master/wave.gif" width="30px" height="30px"> Hello World! I'm **Subodh Singh**

<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&weight=600&size=28&pause=1000&color=00D9FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=800&lines=Cybersecurity+Enthusiast+%F0%9F%9B%A1%EF%B8%8F;Ethical+Hacker+%26+Security+Researcher+%F0%9F%94%90;Full-Stack+Developer+%F0%9F%92%BB;AI+%26+Machine+Learning+Explorer+%F0%9F%A4%96;BTech+Student+%40+Invertis+University+%F0%9F%8E%93;Building+Secure+Digital+Solutions+%F0%9F%8C%9F" alt="Typing SVG" />

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/180155134?v=4" width="200" alt="Subodh Singh" />
</p>


[![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=subodh182&color=00d9ff&style=for-the-badge&label=Profile+Views)](https://github.com/Arya182-ui)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/subodh182?logo=GitHub&style=for-the-badge&color=00d9ff)](https://github.com/Arya182-ui)
[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/subodh182?logo=github&style=for-the-badge&color=00d9ff)](https://github.com/Arya182-ui)
![Projects](https://img.shields.io/badge/Projects-5%2B-6366f1?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&color=00d9ff)
</div>

---


## 🧑‍💻 About Me

🎓 **3rd Year B.Tech CSE Student** at **Invertis University, Bareilly**  

Aspiring software developer with a strong interest in building scalable, secure, and efficient applications.  

Currently developing skills in **Backend Development**, **Java**, **Web Development**, and **AI-driven technologies**.  

🚀 Committed to clean coding practices, problem-solving, and continuous learning to deliver real-world solutions.


## 📚 Currently Learning

- Full Stack Web Development (MERN Stack)
- Advanced Java & Data Structures
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- Backend Development with Node.js
- Database Management (MySQL & MongoDB)
- Basics of Machine Learning

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

| Category | Tools |
|----------|-------|
| 💻 Languages | `Java`, `Node.js`, `React.js`, `Python`, `C`, `HTML`, `CSS`, `JavaScript` |
| 🧪 Frameworks | `Flutter (beginner)`, `Python CLI tools` |
| 🛠️ Tools | `Postman`, `Firebase`, `MySql`, `Git`, `VS Code`, `GitHub` |
| 🌐 Others | `Linux basics`, `Responsive Design`, `Browser Dev Tools` |

---

## 🎯 Interests

- 💻 Full Stack Development
- 🐍 Python Development  
- 🌍 Web Development  
- 📈 Machine Learning  
- 🚀 Startup & Tech Innovation  

---

## 🏫 Education

- 🎓 **B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering**  
  🏛️ *Invertis University, Bareilly*  
  📆 *Currently in 3nd Year*

---

## 🌐 Connect With Me

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/subodh182" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-171515?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/subodh-singh-0751082b2/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:subodhsin7417@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="Buy Me A Coffee" target="_blank">
    <img src="[![Buy Me a Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20a%20Coffee-%23FFDD00?style=for-the-badge&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=black)](https://subodh182.github.io/Buy_me_a_coffee/)" />
  </a>
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?color=00F700&center=true&vCenter=true&lines=Python+Developer;Web+Developer;ML+Explorer;Cybersecurity+Learner;Let’s+build+something+cool!">
</p>

---

## ⚡ Fun Fact

> 💬 I speak fluent Java... and sarcasm.  
> ☕ Code, caffeine, and curiosity are my fuel.

---

> _“Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad.”_ – Cory House



### 🚀 GitHub Stats

![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=subodh182&show_icons=true&theme=dark)
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=subodh182&layout=compact&theme=dark)
